So you save the access key and secret axis somewhere safe.
Once you have those handy here,
we assume that we have loaded them into
a Python variable called Key and Secret respectively.
Here you can see that we can get this boto3 library, and we say, oh,
I want to Redshift client and I want to work in the US western region,
and here are my credentials.
I get the Redshift client,
I go to that Redshift client here,
and I create a cluster like that.
You remember the parameters that we've inserted in the GUI,
but we have inserted them here exactly.
Once that trans, we have a cluster just like that.
The only additional thing here that we were not doing from
the GUI is actually to use a role.
So we are going to go through actually in creating and adding this role.
In a similar spirit to what we have done,
we go and say i'am.create_role,
and i'am is also i'am client,
like a Redshift clients,
and we create a role and we say this role actually is for impersonating Redshifts.
Once we create the role,
we go and attach the role's policy, which is AmazonS3ReadOnlyAccess.
Once we've done that,
we should actually do this step before doing the previous step.
So the idea is that we create the role and attach the policy
prior to creating the Redshift cluster.
I know here the syntax here might look a little bit with lots of details and so on,
but I assure you that these are boilerplates,
and the point here is not actually to make you memorize that API,
the point here is for you to understand that whatever you do by clicking,
you can have the luxury of reproducing it systematically using codes.
Finally, we can open TCP port,
we can go and say, "Oh,
here's our cluster, it exists in VPC,
in a Virtual Private Clouds.
So let me get all the security groups and
get the first one of them that's going to be the default security group,
and let's authorize some ingress traffic that from any IP,
I can access using TCP the specified data warehouse ports.
You can give it a range of ports actually,
and here we don't need the range, we just need one.